=head1 BE AWARE

The current version is not yet cleaned. Please be patient if it prints out lots of stuff you don't want to know.

=head1 NAME

decency - Anti-Spam fighting framework

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<Comming Soon>

decency ..

=over

=item * is a highly configurable postfix policy daemon, SMTP content filter.

=item * aims to reduce your spam significantly.

=item * tries to be as easy as possible for the admin.

=item * is designed to work in small, one mailserver setups as well as in complex distributed multi mailserver, multi filter server environments.

=item * does not cost you a dime because it is free open source software.

=item * has an interface to implement existing anti-spam solutions.

=back

=head1 DEVELOPMENT STATE

decency is close to beta, but not yet there. However, it has already passed months of production (yes, i can run it, but you shouldnt) and real time tests survived. Some modules have less and some have more. It's mostly a matter of not having the time to write the docu, cleanup unused stuff and so on.

=head1 REQUIREMENTS

=head2 PERL

At least you need perl 5.10

=head3 RUN

    Archive::Tar > 1.40
    Carp
    Crypt::OpenSSL::RSA
    Data::Pager
    DateTime
    Digest::MD5
    Digest::SHA
    Email::Valid
    File::Basename
    File::Copy
    File::Path > 2.07
    File::Temp
    IO > 1.24
    IO::String
    IO::YAML > 0.08
    MIME::Lite
    MIME::Parser
    MIME::QuotedPrint
    Mail::Field::Received
    Mouse
    MouseX::NativeTraits
    Net::DNS::Resolver
    Net::Domain::TLD
    Net::LMTP
    Net::Netmask
    Net::SMTP
    POE
    POE::Filter::Postfix
    Proc::ProcessTable
    Regexp::Common
    Regexp::IPv6
    Scalar::Util
    Storable
    Sys::Syslog
    Time::HiRes
    YAML

=head3 TESTING

    Cache::File
    DBD
    DBD::SQLite
    DBI
    DBIx::Connector
    SQL::Abstract::Limit
    Module::Build > 0.2805
    Test::More
    
    # optional, for modules which can be tested
    Mail::SPF
    Mail::DKIM
    Net::DNSBL::Client

=head3 OPTIONAL

Depending on which modules you plan to use

    # using MongoDB as database
    MongoDB => 0.35,
    
    # using LDAP as database
    Net::LDAP
    
    # using ClamAV
    ClamAV::Client
    
    # using a cache
    Cache::FastMmap
    Cache::Memcache
    Cache::Memcache::XS
    
    # should not be installed via perl .. rather by distri installer
    #Mail::SpamAssassin
    
    # should be installed via distri
    #Geo::IP




